Feature/nuvemshop-news (#2488)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/nuvemshop/mercado-credits.en.md

----[mlb]----
# Linha de Crédito

**Linha de Crédito** is Mercado Pago’s financing method that allows paying in installments without having a card.

With this line of credit, administered by Mercado Pago, the payment is credited in full to the seller's account, while the customer can choose to pay in up to 12 fixed monthly installments, no card needed. The user just has to enter their Mercado Pago account (or create one), determine their available limit, and choose how many installments they want to pay in.

> NOTE
>
> Note
>

> > You can also use Mercado Pago's financing option by enabling the "Linha de Crédito" as a payment method in **Checkout Pro**. See the enabling section of [Checkout Pro](/developers/en/docs/nuvemshop/payment-configuration/checkout-pro) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You can also use Mercado Pago's financing option by enabling the Linha de Crédito as a payment method in **Checkout Pro**. See the enabling section of [Checkout Pro](/developers/en/docs/nuvemshop/payment-configuration/checkout-pro) for more information.
```

If you want to **show Linha de Crédito in your store's checkout**, follow the steps below.

------------
----[mlm]----
# Meses sin Tarjeta

**Meses sin Tarjeta** is Mercado Pago’s financing method that allows paying in installments without having a card.

With this line of credit, administered by Mercado Pago, the payment is credited in full to the seller's account, while the customer can choose to pay in up to 12 fixed monthly installments, no card needed. The user just has to enter their Mercado Pago account (or create one), determine their available limit, and choose how many installments they want to pay in.

> NOTE
>
> Note
>

> > You can also use Mercado Pago's financing option by enabling the "Linha de Crédito" as a payment method in **Checkout Pro**. See the enabling section of [Checkout Pro](/developers/en/docs/nuvemshop/payment-configuration/checkout-pro) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You can also use Mercado Pago's financing option by enabling the Meses sin Tarjeta as a payment method in **Checkout Pro**. See the enabling section of [Checkout Pro](/developers/en/docs/nuvemshop/payment-configuration/checkout-pro) for more information.
```

If you want to **show Meses sin Tarjeta in your store's checkout**, follow the steps below.

------------
----[mla]----
# Cuotas sin Tarjeta

**Cuotas sin Tarjeta** is Mercado Pago’s financing method that allows paying in installments without having a card.

With this line of credit, administered by Mercado Pago, the payment is credited in full to the seller's account, while the customer can choose to pay in up to 12 fixed monthly installments, no card needed. The user just has to enter their Mercado Pago account (or create one), determine their available limit, and choose how many installments they want to pay in.

> NOTE
>
> Note
>

> > You can also use Mercado Pago's financing option by enabling the "Linha de Crédito" as a payment method in **Checkout Pro**. See the enabling section of [Checkout Pro](/developers/en/docs/nuvemshop/payment-configuration/checkout-pro) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You can also use Mercado Pago's financing option by enabling the Cuotas sin Tarjeta as a payment method in **Checkout Pro**. See the enabling section of [Checkout Pro](/developers/en/docs/nuvemshop/payment-configuration/checkout-pro) for more information.
```
